README.md, before:

# Fun Python Scripts
Variety of mostly useless and redundant scripts made for fun in Python. All of them are simple in use and have basic functionality, some are left unfinished since forever.
A lot of them were made long ago, *circa* 2013.

## Table of Contents
+ **ackermann.py** - Program demonstrating the complexity of Ackermann's recursion algorithm.
+ **advent_code_one.py** and **advent_code_two.py** - Two scripts made for the Advent of Code 2019 event.
+ **algorithms_quiz.py** - Quiz for Algorithms' test. Made in Polish.
+ **beep_boop.py** - Simple app with purpose to annoy the user with its sounds.
+ **calculate_sequence_easy.py** - Based on the first and second element of the sequence, calculate any element of the sequence.
+ **drawing_stuff.py** - Drawing squares using turtle. Nothing special really.
+ **lottery_winnings_calculator.py** - Calculator made for fun to figure out, hypothetically, how much money can a person spend monthly to live until retirement with the lottery money evenly distributed across months.
+ **router_setup_helper.py** - Never finished script that intended to help configure a Cisco router.
+ **simple_timer.py** - Very obscure, crude and simple timer. Works only on Windows.
+ **text_game_rpg.py** - RPG text-based game that was abandoned early. Only first stage exists and it's very crude. Also, terrible coding inside!
+ **wise_pick.py** - Dota 2 app that gives verbose advice about picking heroes in Dota. It was useless then and even more useless now, since meta in Dota 2 changes rapidly. One of the oldest of my Python scripts.

Commit message:

added decode_it and cleaned up a little

README.md, after:

# Fun Python Scripts
Variety of mostly useless and redundant scripts made for fun in Python. All of them are simple in use and have basic functionality, some are left unfinished since forever.
A lot of them were made long ago, *circa* 2013.

## Table of Contents
### Directories
+ **advent_code** - Two tasks made for the Advent of Code 2019.  
+ **decode_it** - Three tasks done for the "DECODE-IT" contest.
At some point I realized I was late to the party (the contest was about to end). Had fun while it lasted.
### Scripts
+ **ackermann.py** - Program demonstrating the complexity of Ackermann's recursion algorithm.
+ **algorithms_quiz.py** - Quiz for Algorithms' test. Made in Polish.
+ **beep_boop.py** - Simple app with purpose to annoy the user with its sounds.
+ **calculate_sequence_easy.py** - Based on the first and second element of the sequence, calculate any element of the sequence.
+ **drawing_stuff.py** - Drawing squares using turtle. Nothing special really.
+ **lottery_winnings_calculator.py** - Calculator made for fun to figure out, hypothetically, how much money can a person spend monthly to live until retirement with the lottery money evenly distributed across months.
+ **router_setup_helper.py** - Never finished script that intended to help configure a Cisco router.
+ **simple_timer.py** - Very obscure, crude and simple timer. Works only on Windows.
+ **text_game_rpg.py** - RPG text-based game that was abandoned early. Only first stage exists and it's very crude. Also, terrible coding inside!
+ **wise_pick.py** - Dota 2 app that gives verbose advice about picking heroes in Dota. It was useless then and even more useless now, since meta in Dota 2 changes rapidly. One of the oldest of my Python scripts.
